Fast WMT input pipeline with sentencepiece tokenization and packed examples. (#218)
google/flax: examples/wmt/README.md

      --zone=$ZONE \
      --network=default \
      --accelerator-type=v3-8 \
      --range=$TPU_IP_ADDRESS \
      --version=tpu_driver_nightly
```

Now that you have created both the user GCE VM and the TPU node, ssh to the GCE VM by executing the following command,
including a local port forwarding rule for viewing tensorboard:

```
gcloud compute ssh $USER-user-vm-0001 -- -L 2222:localhost:8888
```

Be sure to install the latest `jax` and `jaxlib` packages alongside the other requirements above.
e.g. as of April 2020 the following package versions were used successfully:
```
pip install -U pip
pip install -U setuptools wheel
pip install -U pip jax jaxlib sentencepiece \
  tensorflow==2.2.0rc3 tensorflow-datasets==3.0.0 \
  tensorflow-text==2.2.0rc2 tensorboard
git clone https://github.com/google/flax
pip install -e flax
```

Then, if your TPU is at IP `192.168.0.2`:
  `python train.py --batch_size=256 --model_dir=./wmt_256 --jax_backend_target="grpc://192.168.0.2:8470"`

A tensorboard instance can then be launched and viewed on your local 2222 port via the tunnel:
  `tensorboard --logdir wmt_256 --port 8888`

### Downloading the WMT Datasets

> We recommend downloading and preparing the TFDS datasets beforehand.  For cloudTPUs, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend downloading and preparing the TFDS datasets beforehand.  For Cloud TPUs, we
```
